{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11320\viewh12860\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 GitHub Notes\
\
Terminology:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\b Repository
\b0 :  a \'93project\'94, used to hold files, folders, etc. related to the \'93thing\'94.\
{\listtext	\'95	}
\b Branch
\b0 : one version of the repository.  In order to work on a project, you need to create a branch.  There is one branch by default called \'93master\'94; other branches are used to experiment and make edits before committing them to the master.\
{\listtext	\'95	}
\b Pull Request
\b0 : means you\'92re proposing your changes back to the owner of the main branch, requesting that they review what you did and then \'93pull\'94 your changes back to the master branch.  A pull request will show the diffs between your version and the existing version.\
{\listtext	\'95	}
\b @mention
\b0  system: In your pull request, you can request a certain user for feedback.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
When you create a new repository, you give it a name, description, say whether it\'92s Public or Private (though Private costs $7/month \'93account upgrade\'94 fee).  Check \'93Initialize this repository with a README\'94.\
\
To create a new branch, click the \'93Branch: master\'94 pulldown (on the left of the main project page), type in a name, then click the blue \'93Create branch: <branchname>\'94 button.  The \'93Branch:\'94 menu button should now say the new branch name.\
\
To edit a file, click on it, then click the \'93pencil\'94 icon on the right.  You can Preview your changes (text files only?), and below that there\'92s a place to enter comments for your \'93Commit changes\'94.  Changes can be committed directly to your branch (e.g. \'93Test-Edits\'94), or you can create a new branch pre-populated with this change.\
\
Adding a new file: click \'93Create new file\'94.  Be sure the Branch: is the one you intend to add it to!!!!\
\
Creating a Pull Request: click the green \'93Compare and Pull Request\'94, or click the small \'93Pull requests\'94 button at the top and then the green Pull Request button.  It will show the \'93base: <master>\'94 and the \'93compare: <Test-Edits>\'94, and then all your changes.  Click the green \'93Create pull request\'94 to initiate the pull request.\
\
Then in the Pull requests tab, it will show there\'92s now a Pull request for you (or whoever the owner is) to Merge in.  If no conflicts, just click the green \'93Merge pull request\'94 button, and then the green \'93Confirm merge\'94 button.  If the merge is successful, you can delete your branch (Purple tab, click \'93Delete branch\'94).}